! vim: filetype=xdefaults

! Xft.dpi: 192

#define black           #282c34
#define red             #e06c75
#define green           #98c379
#define yellow          #e5c07b
#define blue            #61afef
#define purple          #c678dd
#define cyan            #56b6c2
#define white           #d3d7de

#define bg              #000000
#define fg              #eeeeee
#define border          #444444
#define selbg           #285577
#define selfg           #eeeeee
#define selborder       selbg


dmenu.background:       bg
dmenu.foreground:       fg
dmenu.selbackground:    selbg
dmenu.selforeground:    selfg

dwm.normbgcolor:        bg
dwm.normfgcolor:        fg
dwm.normbordercolor:    border
dwm.selbgcolor:         selbg
dwm.selfgcolor:         selfg
dwm.selbordercolor:     selborder

st.color0:              black
st.color8:              black
st.color1:              red
st.color9:              red
st.color2:              green
st.color10:             green
st.color3:              yellow
st.color11:             yellow
st.color4:              blue
st.color12:             blue
st.color5:              purple
st.color13:             purple
st.color6:              cyan
st.color14:             cyan
st.color7:              white
st.color15:             white

st.background:          white
st.foreground:          black
